How do you describe someone being creepy?
Do you feel we need to get rid of the popular vote?
What are some political causes close to your heart?
Wha was the last movie you saw that made you feel something?
Consentual Cannibilism?
How do you feel about an end to cash bail? Biden
How do you feel about museum's returning their stolen artifacts?
Do you think a couple should share social media?
Should you have access to your partners social media?
What’s a job that should be paid more?
What’s a job that should be paid less?
Should you know what your partner is doing on social media?
If your partner has a platonic friend but they talk while you’re sleeping, is that okay?
If you are married, should your phone background be a picture of your spouse or of you together?
If your partner cheated only once years ago, would you want to know?
If your partner isn't doing or saying anything sexual to a person, but only talks to them when you're not around are they cheating?
Is there a difference between cheating while you’re happy vs cheating while you’re struggling?
Do you think you’re hard to get to know?
Are you happy?
How do you feel about companies and celebrities rebranding?
What makes a person evil?
Name a famous killer that you found interesting
How well do you understand your body?
How do you feel about the concept of temp jobs?
Madtv vs SNL
Do you have an obligation to sleep with your partner?
How long can you go without having sex with your partner before it's a conversation
To help people, what debts would you buy to clear for people?
Do you think salesmen are the devil?
What debts do you think are justified?
What do you think of the debt collections field?
What is your stance on abortion?
Would you get an abortion if your spouse would leave you otherwise?
Would you get an abortion to hide cheating?
Do you stay together for the kids?
How long can you survive in an apocalypse?
What kind of apocalypse would you prefer?
Weapon during an apocalypse
What's a smell most people think is bad but you love?
What's a good reason to lie?